Add validation for required fields in Icon and Cosmo time-based weather value factories (#1540)
ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel: CHANGELOG.md

- Added converters documentation [#1139](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/1139)
- Added abstraction for power value sources [#1438](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/1438)
- Add ground temperatures level 1 and 2 as option to weather data. [#1343](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/1343)

> - Add validation for required fields in Icon and Cosmo time-based weather value factories [#1537](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/1537)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add validation for required fields in ICON and COSMO `TimebasedWeatherValueFactories` [#1537](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/1537)
```
